Overall the structure is a bit lacking, the report dives in without
any background or scene-setting, so it's a little hard to follow if
the reader is not intimately familiar with things.

The description of the algorithms is rather short. In particular the
matrix-vector algorithm is very terse: I do not think I can really
follow what it is you do. This section would have been improved by the
use of a diagram to show how the data move. The discussion of SUMMA
and CANNON is a little better with the use of some diagrams. A
reasonable attempt to compare SUMMA and CANNON. One thing to note,
it looks like you might have copied the diagrams from some other
notes: this is fine if you reference them properly (but here it does
not look to be done).

This section could have been improved by adding a discussion of the
communication and computational complexity, as well as the memory
scalability (as a function of problem size and process count). This
would have helped to inform the experimental data later too.

The benchmarking data are not presented very clearly, and the
experimental setup is not really described at all. For example, I
don't know what size of problems you run, and there is no
justification of them. There is some timing data shown as a
screenshot: prefer using tables to show this kind of data. I am unsure
how you compute the data for the plots from your data tables. For
example, the presented data output for weak scaling shows time to
solution increasing with increasing process count (meaning weak
scaling speedup is less than 1), but your plots show excellent weak
scaling speedup. This is, I suspect, the case for all your plots.

You spend some time discussion the comparison between the data and
Amdahl (for strong scaling) or Gustafson (for weak scaling). I am,
however, not sure how you come to the conclusion that the data fit the
theoretical models (there is no evidence of any data fitting being
done). You could have tried to fit the serial fraction to your data.



Description of algorithms: 13/25
Analysis and presentation of benchmarking data: 10/25
TOTAL: 23/50
